docs(reference): clarify --fail-fast works with run, build, and test (#8997)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/global-configs/failing-fast.md

sidebar: "Failing fast"
---

> Supply the `-x` or `--fail-fast` flag to `dbt run`, `dbt build`, or `dbt test` to make dbt exit immediately on the first failure. `fail_fast` is a global flag, so it stops on both run errors and test errors — not just run errors. If other models are in-progress when the first failure happens, then dbt will terminate the connections for these still-running models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supply the `-x` or `--fail-fast` flag to `dbt run`, `dbt build`, or `dbt test` to make dbt exit immediately on the first failure. `fail_fast` is a global flag, so it stops on both run errors and test errors —&mdash; not just run errors. If other models are in-progress when the first failure happens, then dbt will terminate the connections for these still-running models.
```

> For the full precedence rules and environment-variable equivalent (`DBT_FAIL_FAST`), see the [`fail_fast` row in About global configs](/reference/global-configs/about-global-configs#available-flags).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the full precedence rules and environment-variable equivalent (`DBT_FAIL_FAST`), refer to [`fail_fast` row in About global configs](/reference/global-configs/about-global-configs#available-flags).
```
